Update custom_rules.md (#27066)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_catalog/scorecards/custom_rules.md

{{< img src="/tracing/service_catalog/scorecard-create-and-update-rule-ui.mp4" alt="User creating and evaluating a custom rule in the Scorecards UI" video="true" style="width:90%;" >}}

## Evaluate custom rules using Workflow Automation

> Workflow Automation allows you to automate the evaluation of your custom rules in Datadog using the ["Update scorecard rule outcome" action][3]. To set up a custom rule evaluation, create a Workflow from scratch or use one of the [Scorecards blueprints][4]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workflow Automation allows you to automate the evaluation of your custom rules in Datadog using the [**Update scorecard rule outcome** action][3]. To set up a custom rule evaluation, create a Workflow from scratch or use one of the [Scorecards blueprints][4]. 
```

> {{< img src="/tracing/service_catalog/scorecard-workflow-example.png" alt="Workflow evaluating whether a service has a tier defined in Service Catalog" style="width:90%;" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="/tracing/service_catalog/scorecards_workflow_example.png" alt="Workflow evaluating whether a service has a tier defined in Service Catalog" style="width:90%;" >}}
```

To set up a custom rule evaluation using Workflow Automation: 

1. Create a custom rule in Scorecards.

> 2. [Create a new Workflow][5].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Create a Workflow][5].
```
This is just a minor thing our style checker flagged.

3. Set a schedule for your Workflow to run on.

> 4. Click the plus icon (+) to add a step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click plus (+) icon to add a step.
```

> 5. Use the ["List service definitions" action][6] to fetch all defined services from Service Catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Use the [**List service definitions** action][6] to fetch all defined services from Service Catalog.
```

6. Insert a [For loop][7] to iterate over each service one-by-one.

> 7. Search for an action to find the one needed to fetch the data you are evaluating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Select the action needed to fetch your evaluation data.
```

> 8. Transform the data returned using a custom Javascript function to return a pass or fail outcome for each service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Transform the returned data using a custom JavaScript function to generate pass/fail outcomes for each service.
```

> 9. Pass the outcome to Scorecards using the ["Update scorecard rule outcome" action][3].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Use the ["Update scorecard rule outcome" action][3] to send results to Scorecards.
```
